future fight future fight future fight
we're back with another video of Marvel
future flight now we're gonna come on in
here we bought something yesterday which
was the selector and I was like oh ye oh
alright I was not expecting that I
didn't even see it so angela is here
available for a limited time bowel
metrics 20 of them and this is like wow
why do you have to do this to me you
know is such a big debate we just spent
three thousand crystals now yeah I'm not
gonna let this go alright so let's let's
get it no choice there's no choice here
surprisingly it's still loading I'm like
what you know i just spent 300 gems or
crystals whatever you want to call it
you have to make me wait that's the
disappointing part i know some of the
players was like you should get like the
iron mania pack that is a must get pack
and of course there are others that were
saying the spider-man pack and i love
spider-man venom as well as this pack on
my eyes are just like looking at this
and I'm like boy we need to like get one
of them every day or something so that
we don't feel as bad anyways um we're
gonna go on in here today I'm gonna do a
video on Captain America I was thinking
yellow jacket but we already did a video
on yellow jacket so I guess we should do
a video on Captain America since he's
been sitting there for a really long
time almost at five star and here we are
let's go on in here this guy's a
six-star attack right the heroic theory
oh alright let's get it back out of here
shield strike is the next attack let's
go on in here oh I remember why I'm not
doing that me rank ups i'm broke out
where i'm near broke if i do all the
rank ups I'm entirely broke actually I
min yep already because
I said that I wasn't gonna go under 2
million and we're under 2 million old
boy okay shield strike let's just
upgrade this now
all right here we are five star
character and it increase about 300 well
the health is about 900 and go back out
of here here it is gonna do the skill
let's check out the skill the shield
strike let's add some stuff with it tit
I want to go into a live battle instead
of this simulator but the similar has
the final attack that's the thing you're
like ooh that's gotta hurt so I guess
all right you know what let's go into
live fight because i'm more into live
stuff let's do this something's attacks
that's the shield strike right there and
that is the crazy 6 star attack really
nice attack i gotta say let's get out of
here what we're going to do is come on
in here looks like we'll bring in war
machine or let's remove black widow
captain america is back in action gonna
go into and ready for battle master
combat alright what we are going to do
is go on into mission going in here
going in there let's go in here because
I need a biometrics for Black Widow
anyway so might as well do it do a
little run through with Captain America
five star character
so there it is those are some of the
attacks let's go into live mood all
these strikes are really similar but
black cat is doing all of the work so
that was shield strike that was the
special skill that we unlocked in the
five-star rank up video or turning this
character in 25 sorry whatever you want
to call it the shield bash is not that I
don't know the shield throw and of
course the defense increase get take out
these guys these guys of course that ok
so there's black widow we're gonna do
the shield strike on her if black cat
just gets out of the way please there it
is I'm assuming it hits a wide range of
enemies I can't be one hundred percent
sure but I'm pretty sure that's what it
does let's go into the practice then
since you get a better view of a bunch
of enemies ok let's go back out of here
was go into Captain America and go into
preview skill or skill preview whatever
you want to call it what's good i like
to call it the simulator so here it is
yeah hits hits one guy what let's do
that again all right you know can't you
guys like stick together a bit all right
yeah I hit multiple guys but they have
to be very close to each other of course
a six-star attack that one is really
cool it's just that we can't get it you
know if I could get it I wouldn't
complain but it's gonna take a very very
long time anyways that's pretty much it
for this video if you like Captain
America if you like Marvel future fight
videos be sure to LIKE the video also
comment let me know what you think about
Captain America in five star and don't
forget to subscribe and that is the
captain america five-star character
video for
Marvel future fight